# Generic Locking-Library.

## 🔎 Table of Contents (ToC)

[[_TOC_]]

---

## 📕 About all of my Software-Products.
Just read the following Paragraphs. 😊

---

### 📃 I use the „Ports & Adapters“- / „Hexagonal“-Software-Design.
For every newly-created Software-Products, I use the **„Ports & Adapters“-Design**.

For better understanding — what the **„Ports & Adapters“-Design** is — have a look here: [Wikipedia (EN) · Hexagonal Architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexagonal_architecture_(software))

---

### 📃 The underlying Software-License.
This Software is free forever.

There is nothing to pay and nothing to fulfill, to use / to edit / to (re-)publish my written Software-Code.

*You can also have a look at: [license.md](license.md) in the same Directory.*

---

## 📙 About the „Entity Locking“-Libraries.
I'm developing the Entity Locking-Libraries, cause in many of my current (and future) Software-Products, I need an 
easy Way to lock Entities, such as:
* Payment-Transactions for Reality.
* Payment-Transactions for own Gaming-Platforms.
* virtual Bank-Accounts for own Gaming-Platforms.
* User-Accounts

and so on.

The **Entity-Locking-Libraries** providing me (and potentially all other Humans) an **easy-(to-use/to-implement/to-understand) Way** for to solve this Problem.

If you want to **switch your Lock-Backend**, you easily switch to **another Variant of the Libraries**.

Every Library (except of the Root-Library itself) is depending on the Generic-„Locking Library“.

All other Libraries are Abstractions to have a better understanding for the Outside-World and to have a good 
Foundation for further Development-Approaches.

---

### 📃 Why should I use one of these Libraries?
It's very easy to implement in your Application and easy to understand.

You can have an **Entity-Locking-Solution** right out of the Box for (currently) **_Plain Java_** and
**Spring Boot-optimized** Apps.

The Generic-Locking-Library is the Foundation of every Locking-Library developed by me.

You can use the **Generic-Locking-Library** and use your own Lock-Backend-Implementation — or — you use my 
Implementations, in the Form of Extension-Libraries, such as:
* (coming soon) the **DynamoDB-Locking-Library**
  * for _Spring Boot_-Apps: *DynamoDB-Locking-Library-SpringBoot-Starter*
* (coming soon) the **Redis-Locking-Library**
    * for _Spring Boot_-Apps: *Redis-Locking-Library-SpringBoot-Starter*

---

## 📘 The Project-Structure.

```
Root-Directory.
├─ src/
│  └─ main/ (the actual Source-Code.)
│  │  └─ [...]
│  └─ test/ (the Test-Code.)
│  │  └─ [...]
├─ docs/ (used for Documentation-Purposes)
│  └─ plantuml-images/ (Image-Based Documentation generated by PlantUML.)
│  │  └─ locking-principle-overview/
│  │  │  └─ [...]
├─ .gitignore
├─ .gitlab-ci.yml
├─ license.md
├─ pom.xml
└─ readme.md
```

---